we've been seeing ads for this thing for
years and you guys have even suggested
making a video about it twice but come
on look at it in a world where a
top-of-the-line GPU costs a couple of
thousand who in their right mind is
spending double that amount on the chair
you sit in while you use it oh wait I
know it's us it's literally our job to
buy outlandish stuff like this and show
you guys what it's all about so With a
Little Help from our sponsor epomaker a
team of Gamers engineers and designers
who are dedicated to Bringing
highquality customizable mechanical
keyboards to the community at affordable
prices we'll take a closer look at their
rt100 keyboard a little bit in this
later we have finally put the Clen
scorpion computer cockpit to the test
and found some unexpected conclusions
but before we get to those let's rewind
a little bit here after a 10 2 32 day
waight for shipping this is what arrived
in my driveway or to be more specific at
the curb at the end of my driveway
luckily no one stole it so let's get it
inside and take a look we're going to
have a link in the video description if
you guys can't wait to follow my example
and blow your own money on one of these
oh but I'm not at the stage yet where I
think I'm ready to recommend it this is
far from the lightest ch hair that we've
ever looked at coming in at a
whopping 200 kg of shipping weight to
their credit this is one of the most
userfriendly packing crates I think I've
ever seen
wow that is smaller than I expected say
what you will about the size you can't
fault the robustness of
it come on
you I wonder what percentage of the
injury report forms are
me how the devil are you supposed to
move this thing dude there's a lot of
pieces in here I thought you said the
assembly was supposed to be
straightforward their assembly video is
only 3 minutes long I can't be that hard
how many legs do scorpions have when I
have this chair my gaming will have no
legs oh
wa now it reaches its full magnificent
height that's just mostly
packaging that's not
[Applause]
packaging oh sick look at these lights
okay I got an arm oh it opens up I'm
just trying to picture the person whose
house you walk into and this is in their
living room you know it sends a message
what's the message Jordan nothing good
this is the bubble wrap output of a
small
nation that's quality foam oh sorry
sorry oh oh
oh how Do You Like Me Now
ladies mess probably yeah you could no
no you could this is It's movable it's
movable thanks Colin but I think I got
it a oh I think I crushed those cables
got the instructions up but before we
start them I just got to say where's
your tracksuit buddy the form's
impeccable but you got to get the
stripes this is the Scorpion's
decorative foot also a
weapon its only contribution is to be a
tripping
Hazard it's Law and
Order that would got me all right it's
gross the cable's white I know right but
it's the one white thing on it it comes
in white too and gold and gold yeah okay
that oh oh that's awesome oh
that that's pretty cool next up is our
arm with the controls for the Scorpion
tail and the seat on it I don't know
what any of these buttons do and they're
not labeled but this seems like a good
time to tell you guys the whole thing is
made out of powdercoated steel with PU
leather over what seems to be a really
high quality foam it has built-in RGB
lighting pre-installed 5 meter cables
ours came with three hdmis and two
display ports and
apparently 160° of adjustment on the
chair seat
itself that's about
5° will my wife get the insurance if I
die in this thing that would be active
scorpion I don't know if that counts you
ready oh there's the other arm now
that's funny the RGB remote is just one
of those Wireless RGB remotes but just
embedded in the side of it there we go
all
right being able to adjust this forward
and back would be good oh no way no it
does move oh look at oh wow look at that
it has all the adjustment since we're
talking about this arm I want to look at
the RGB control this is flipping cool
you just touch anywhere on the Wheel and
then it's that color we went with the
three monitor mount we've got three ah
of these gigabyte M27 U gaming monitors
they'll do up to 160 HZ 4K they're vesa
HDR 600 certified and come with HDMI 2.1
and the reason we cared about that was
because we initially thought this didn't
come with any display port pre-wired but
it turns out did so they've spent money
on things that matter like the motors
feel good they feel smooth it's it's
reassuring as you're moving it around
the build quality is obviously a little
on the industrial side you know it's
welded steel what do you want how are we
going to get power to the monitors oh no
there was a power bar up there I think
yes there is in fact a power bar in
there all we got to do is remove these
three screws and we get access to it
only three Outlets but there's a five
monitor mount there are such thing as
C13 you know y Splitters and whatever
just okay we found an oversight is this
how the RGB is
mounted I guess it doesn't matter we'll
adjust them in a note afterwards yeah
not much in the way of other adjustments
though hey not so much you just got to
hope they kind of balance I think
yeah oh uh how's the clearance on that
not amazing cool so we need to put it
sideways in order to which is fine cuz
now it's just like the RGB strip exactly
I'm not sure what the plan is for cable
management
here LTT cable arches to the rescue
there we go oh that's pretty good that's
pretty darn good now obviously for a
gaming battle station so magnificent
we're going to need a pretty magnificent
computer so we've gone with
a what's that Colin what is it 7800 X 3D
and a
4090 I'm just guessing oh it is oh great
realistically which cables you hook up
to your monitors is going to come down
to what IO you have on your graphics
card more than anything else
I didn't look at this before we started
so I guess I'm using a DP to HDMI
adapter should we see if we got these
monitor cables
right did we just blow a fuse wait we
don't even need the power bar there's
another power bar behind another access
hatch built into the
chair ow ow oh do they seriously have
the top power bar plugged into this
power
bar and it's not like it's a high
current application or
anything check this out the Scorpion
claws
open what no way if you have a little
kid or a pet and you just really wanted
them to not have eyes then you just
leave these open that's great it's
dangerous just like a real scorpion I've
got a plan for us to team workor this
Jordan if you can operate the dials I'll
keep an eye on the cables here and Colin
you keep an eye on the cables at the
back and if you see any problem just say
something oh
oh wait there's not even a problem call
in for crying out loud okay Jordan I'm
not going to lie I'm a little sketched
out about lying in this thing how's your
insurance good but the thing about
insurance is I'm not the one who gets
the
payout you always say monetize your
death it seems like they've done a
pretty good job of keeping the length of
the cable travels the same regardless
this should address the monitor but that
whole thing where the whole thing
shifted is a little sketchy Ian I'm not
getting into it what do I
care why are you not getting into it I'm
over the weight limit
oh that's a thing you encounter
sometimes with Asian design in the North
American Market you saw the whole thing
with
Nintendo um theme park yeah where like
the average American male like couldn't
go in one of the rides or something like
that before we get in we didn't have any
issues with the cables while we moving
the chair but that's not necessarily a
given forever based on that these are
just kind of hanging loose and there
seem to be some things in here that they
could get caught on the good news is I
think we figured out how to get into
ite no problem oh we haven't talked
about our peripherals yet this is EPO
Maker's rt100 mechanical keyboard the
gasket mounted design is both quiet and
comfortable while it's 97 key layout
offers a compact form factor without
having to give up a dedicated number pad
or media controls that's in no small
part thanks to the multi-function media
control knob it's got USBC Bluetooth 5.0
and 2.4 GHz Wireless connectivity
meaning you can connect to your PC or
Mac or I mean whatever it's Bluetooth
right however you prefer and hidden in
the storage Bay for the 2.4 GHz receiver
is the connector for the smart mini
display a programmable smart display
that shows essential system and real
world data right out of the box and just
like the south facing RGB Lighting on
every key is customizable B to suit your
preferences we'll get more handson with
the rt100 in a minute but first we need
to get some games loaded on this thing
oh shoot I never checked if I plugged in
the right things well this one's got a
signal find what are the odds I got only
one of three no question if the goal is
to find the chair that makes you feel
like an absolute boss your Journey's
over these monitors look great though
man 4K is sharp at this
distance it's a kind of setup that just
puts a smile on your face you know
there are some issues at my height
exactly the monitors are in the right
spot when the angle is right and there's
not really a ton of adjustment on these
things also I'm already noticing that
when I move the mouse and type on the
keyboard there's a little bit
of Wiggle wobble now we got this working
holy
crap I think the best thing I can say
about the chair right now is I kind of
forgot I was sitting in it and I really
do mean that in a good way the worst
chair is the one that you think about
while you're inside it Jordan what's up
remember how we adjusted the angle of
this display just right well now yeah
it's pointed up this way oh so the fact
that I have no on thefly adjustment
means that unless I had a fourth motor
right here in this one which we checked
we don't I have no way of adjusting this
angle after the fact well my keyboard
Mouse oh no okay it come it comes in a
little bit the angle's a little
funky the benefit of that is that it
doesn't tip toward you like on some of
these that I've seen in the past the
disadvantage is that your arms are like
this WIC screen gaming form still thing
I got to give some credit to the rt100
here sponsored or not it's a little
narrower which objectively creates more
mousing space in a scenario like this
but unlike a 10 keyless if I wanted to
use this for work as well and I needed a
number pad everything's there it's good
to go we're going to switch over to
Forza which definitely supports B
okay that we can fix the ergonomics of
the cup holder on the other
hand
okay if I want to just hold a controller
here to get this completely out of the
way it ends
up going over my legs like that
and then now it's so far away that if I
do need it for something to navigate a
menu or cuz I get an email I got to drag
it way back over here in fairness to
Clin I haven't seen good solutions to
most of these problems so the question
in my mind isn't so much should you buy
the Clen scorpion if you're shopping for
one of these chairs as it is should you
even be considering one of these chairs
because I've yet to use one that even
even for free I would consider putting
in my house obviously people are buying
them though or they wouldn't exist which
if you think about it is kind of a good
thing the immersiveness is great so
whatever my feelings are about these
things obviously they exist which means
obviously people are buying them and
finding ways to work around some of the
challenges be they ergonomic or be they
practical like one of the things we
noticed is if you're not using
headphones you probably don't have a
really great way to handle audio I don't
know about speakers mounted to the edge
of these monitors they're kind of wobbly
enough as it is with that said I think
Clen has got the most usable package
I've seen so far so maybe it's time to
get some Impressions from the other
members of the team let's see who wants
to swap out their existing station for
this how do you get in Jordan well
that's for you to figure
out I feel like I'm in a dentist chair
oh that's the whole back oh
wow oh this keyboard's got a little
screen on it it's kind of cute what can
you put on the screen uh it'll do like
your temperatures your CPU use weather
oh okay you can put those animations and
stuff where the logo is so I can put
memes you can put memes on it hell yeah
I'm actually kind of shocked at how
comfortable this is I thought this would
be a lot weirder and not as enjoyable I
could I could play in this all day but
would you buy it well how much does is
just the chair cost I don't need the
whole setup uh the chair is $28.99 us
plus shipping I think that's totally
reasonable I I would enjoy movies in
this I think and would you replace your
workstation oh yeah easily oh are you
kidding me is that an actual option we
get to keep
it yeah okay that's not like cut my
achilles
tendon we're gaming now it feels a
little cramped to be honest I feel like
it's a little it's a little it's a
little tilted yeah it's a little crooked
yeah the goes buttons all the
way this is not the chair's fault the
chair is actually pretty comfortable you
really want to recline it or else your
wrist kind of feel like they're getting
a little cramped would you pay for the
chair yourself I don't think I'd want to
pay for this
myself would you want it as your
workstation oh no I'm
good wow Pinnacle of luxury hey I don't
even know what to say it's really unique
I am really concerned though um about
how close we are to the monitor cuz I
think after like eight hours of a work
day or playing or gaming all night it's
going to be pretty difficult even my
field of view can't even go from edge to
edge so I feel like I'm not getting the
the most Advantage out of it um but
super comfortable to be honest with you
uh I really like it could you imagine if
I brought this home to my wife she would
be so
upset if I didn't care about budget and
had the space for it for sure I'd
probably rock it would I buy it sure
yeah I'd do it and would you use it as
your workstation here oh definitely oh
yeah this is unexpected we have not one
but two members of the team who would
like to daily Drive the Scorpion and the
only fair way to settle this I think is
RPS rock paper scissors best two out of
three okay ready and
go I thought you were doing rock paper
scissors oh you want me to do the you
want me to do all the work for you rock
paper scissors shoot shoot okay shoot
shoot someone say shoot oh oh we got one
win one no Rock Paper Scissors Shoot yes
oh it's one one Rock Paper Scissors
Shoot there it is okay now we have to
haul it upstairs that's his problem not
ours oh good what no we can we can get
him some help we'll get him some help
Elijah we'll get you help all right I
always need help are you serious I
actually have well yeah you said you
wanted
it I thought it was more of just like a
theoretical but I'm still down
okay maybe we'll do a float plane
exclusive with Elijah's long-term
Impressions actually living with this
thing day-to-day Oh that's oh yeah I'm
actually really excited and I'm excited
to tell you about our sponsor oh wait I
already told you about our sponsor this
keyboard's pretty sick yeah check it out
we're going to have it linked down below
if you guys enjoyed this video why not
check out the last one we got which was
kind of like this concept but no Motors